[Music]
then we have
this is calling in the return of the
plummet severed serpent we found here
the world's Christ Messiah got a
Stouffer Eclipse and many others they're
real experts in Mexico working on this
at the center is life and God this is
pure Mayan it appeared on August 13 the
exact date of the beginning of the Mayan
calendar in 3114 years before Christ
these must be related to the end of the
Mayan calendar and something that is
going to happen in 2012 I don't believe
in catastrophe Iram believe the world is
going to be destroyed but something very
important is going to happen there are
so many prophecies even in the Bible
even the prophecies of Jesus and then we
have this which is related to the sulk
in the sacred calendar of the Mayan the
Mayan use this calendar to measure the
cycles of one person or gestation lasts
for 260 days that's the time of the of
the of this calendar the sacred calendar
260 days they have two calendar one
sacred and one solar you can see this is
an amazing figure with so much
information in here is like the Aztec
calendar in here
[Music]
now let me explain you this
I can use both but I had to use one okay
here is the this half circle is a number
the day zero
the day zero is what the Pleiades the
Sun and the earth are joined together
and that's the 20th of May here in the
middle we have an eclipse an annular
eclipse a partial eclipse of the Sun and
this is going to happen exactly that 25
a 2012 and they will have the number 16
in here 16 days later after the Eclipse
is going to be the transit of Venus in
in front of the Sun now we have 4 times
13 4 times 13 is 52 52 is the new fire
every 52 years the sacred calendar and
and the solar calendar go to the same
day to the same start that means that
this is related to the new to the new
fire the new eras that they celebrate
every every 52 years and also we have
here the number 2020 and there were 13
months of 20 days in the sulking all
these proves that this is the sulking
calendar and we have these dates the
20th of May and we have also the 6 of
June we have two weeks I don't know what
it means but we have to remember and
again as I said this is more or less
saying it's going to be the return of
Quetzalcoatl of Kukulkan of the Messiah
something important I don't know if it's
related because both of them are so
close together both of them appear and
this is the Eclipse have made the tour
of later 20 2012 it's going to be sync
here United States and Mexico - also in
the half of the world